you're coming I again got called a
friend of mine who was a navy doctor
during the same time period we're
talking about slightly after that and he
all of a sudden was healing a pilot and
person who's been pilot and he began to
telling the story and he basically said
one day I was up I was up in one of the
faster airplanes that we had and I had
something that was a spherical object
that was ahead of me I called back and I
said are there any are there any
friendlies all over here he actually
took off from the Texas location got on
headed off that way and towards New
Mexico and he he said they said well no
there's no friendlies here said not only
that but he's accelerating away from me
and yet i have the fastest airplane
that's been designed and with that time
was therefore it can be one of us well
that was he said when they said well you
have the one you have the you have the
weapon on board it was a new design and
he said go on ahead to shoot it down and
so he did he shot down the Roswell crash
do you know who did it he said don't
tell I didn't don't give the people my
name the horn or don't forgive you
nothing organ he shot it down he's a
very daren't that the dark wait what
kind of my god the doctor is a very dear
friend of mine what what kind of a
weapon no don't know we we have all of
us bullets were only 1,500 miles an hour
but we we have magnetic poles oh here we
go nicola tesla died in the hotel new
yorker-- on july seventh coming into
of the eight in 1943 freed of
Information Act requests f FBI foi a
documents reveal that Tesla's death ray
was the only defense we had against
atomic bombs and the question is as
these documents revealed this secrecy
around the Tesla death ray which is a
laser weapon used to strike at an
aircraft as a ray to short-circuit all
of its electrical systems all the spark
plugs all the engineering in the craft
who'd actually down the crack the
question is is the Tesla death ray the
weapon that was used that Boyd Bushman's
testimony tells us to take down the
flying saucer Roswell because we know
from the dates that the Tesla's death
ray was being developed in 1943 by the
United States government
and the Roswell craft appears our size
in 1947 in July that there's plenty of
time to have shot down that then the
Roswell then the individual said that he
went and landed in nearby airport he
went over and went and walked the end of
the craft evidently one of them was out
walking around because there were only
three when he was in three aliens at
that time and he walked in and they were
all four feet and under but he could see
through the walls of the graph from the
inside out whoa kind of translucent and
and the material he was stepping on the
spongy he said it was so what about this
liquid wall at Roswell well if you will
follow your friend and mine Lazar he
didn't they didn't find any light bulbs
any electricity well you know the flying
saucer dinging from the Buddhists point
of view the Buddhist for example in
there what Tomsic a Sutra when the
Buddha's gives his so big first initial
statement in this very large scripture
oh yeah